warning this video contains ludicrous
redstone creations that are ridiculously
lag inducing in nature enjoy welcome to
Minecraft over-engineering the show
where I take a standard minecraft
contraption and try to bring it to the
next level today
sand doors here we have a pretty
standard sand door yeah it's fine it
works and it's compact it's efficient
but you know what I think we can make
this more interesting let's see if this
fits the bill ok good so far what is
that beautiful noise I hear
oh let's see what this is doing yep I
definitely call that over-engineered but
you know what
bigger ah yes bigger bigger is good
let's try it okay okay
I'm liking all the Pistons
okay that's fun that is fun and it's
definitely over-engineered but you know
what let's think outside the box a bit
more and bigger now this looks like it
has promised let's try this out oh yeah
now that's a lot of sand alright let's
try opening the door all righty
you know what we're almost there I think
this is almost good enough let's see how
this works we are duplicating bug for
the wind but you know what we can go
even further my game isn't lagging
nearly enough yet
let's try even more ah yes this will fit
the bill a 40 by 40 sand or I think you
can call this over engineering if not I
don't know what is let's give this guy a
try I'm expecting a bit of lag here so
let's try this out oh yeah there's the
lag
oh geez all right it's closed wow that
was intense the FPS while I'm recording
drop significantly there all right let's
open the door it's a lot nicer on the
FPS goodbye sand alright let's go up
there and see how this goes don't know
what the frames are going to be like
here but probably pretty bad
oh dear
that's a lot of duplicated sand alright
well I hope you guys enjoyed this
episode if you'd like to see more of
these let me know and if you've got
suggestions on what you'd like me to
over-engineer leave them in the comments
but until next time thanks for watching